# Group Roles
Team 3 was successfully able to create a chat client while following the basic tenants of the Scrum and Agile methods. Early on however, coding was done relatively freeform as the roles of each member of the group had not yet been fleshed out. This is due to not having learned of the roles yet, but as we learned how to manage and delegate roles via testing of user cases and other factors, our team was able to establish roles for each member to build the product. At the start of the project, some members of our team had minimal knowledge of web technologies, but as work progressed, they were quickly able to pick up the necessary skills to assemble the project.
 * Saad Mehr served as the primary Scrum Master of the team. He was able to successfully manage the goals and expectations of the group well. During our weekly scrum meetings, Saad was able to effectively determine what tasks needed attention at each step of the development process. This was done in a way that provided helpful feedback to the rest of the team as to where focus should be on the project and done in a way that was clear and concise. Furthermore, he established the design, layout, and formatting guidelines for the web client and login/registration pages.
 * Joel Nuesch was our team's primary full-stack developer and GitLab repository maintainer. He took care of most of the back-end architecture, as well as server administration. With coordination with the rest of the team during the Scrum and in-class meetings, Joel was able to successfully develop and deploy the core server and database of the project.
 * Ivan Gurrola served primarily as a front-end developer for the team, focusing work on the chat client interface. He ensured that the compatibility of our product was maximized: the web client had full support on all major browsers, and that varying device dimensions were properly accounted for.
 * Matthew Kim worked as a front-end developer as well as a QA engineer. He helped create the general colorscheme and layout of the login and registration web pages. Matthew also contributed in quality assurance testing the many aspects of the site, such as input validation and error handling. He worked closely with the testing suite, coming up with useful test cases.
 * Kian Ghavim served as the Product Manager and QA engineer. He served to delegate many tasks, focusing primarily on the client-side aspects of the project. The Scrum meetings were documented and typed up by him as well as any input for documentation for the project. Kian also contributed in quality assurance testing the many aspects of the site, such as the security of the user IDs and passwords.